[docs] add explanation about property binding order (#7833)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/docs/02-template-syntax.md

> The `value` attribute of an `input` element or its children `option` elements must not be set with spread attributes when using `bind:group` or `bind:checked`. Svelte needs to be able to see the element's `value` directly in the markup in these cases so that it can link it to the bound variable.

> > Sometimes, the attribute order matters as Svelte sets attributes sequentially in JavaScript. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. To fix it, `value` should set last.

Reviewer: Just realise I forgot to submit the suggestion I wrote long ago

> > Sometimes, the attribute order matters as Svelte sets attributes sequentially in JavaScript. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. To fix it, `value` should set last.

Reviewer: What do you think?

> > Sometimes, the attribute order matters as Svelte sets attributes sequentially in JavaScript. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. To fix it, `value` should set last.

Reviewer 2: I think that @baseballyama's version is easier to understand for the range example as it's shorter. Adding the lazy loading image example might be good since I imagine it's a fairly common thing to write. I'm a bit conflicted on having two examples, but think it might be worth it in this case given how easy it might be to inadvertently trigger this issue

> > Sometimes, the attribute order matters as Svelte sets attributes sequentially in JavaScript. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. To fix it, `value` should set last.

Reviewer: @baseballyama your call. im just offering another example since it was mentioned in one of the issues to be closed

> > Sometimes, the attribute order matters as Svelte sets attributes sequentially in JavaScript. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. To fix it, `value` should set last.

Author: @tanhauhau Sorry for super late reply.
Yeah, I read again the sentence and it's very helpful to understand. So I updated it.

Here we were binding to the value of a text input, which uses the `input` event. Bindings on other elements may use different events such as `change`.

> > Svelte bind attributes by JavaScript, so sometimes binding order is important. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. In this example, `value` should set at the last.
> 

Reviewer 3: Should this be in https://svelte.dev/docs#template-syntax-attributes-and-props as it's specific to the attribute order and not `bind:`?

```suggestion
> Sometimes, the attribute order matters as Svelte sets attributes sequentially in JavaScript. For example, `<input type="range" min="0" max="1" value={0.5} step="0.1"/>`, the value will be 1 because `step` is set after `value` is set. To fix it, `value` should set last.

```

Maybe something like this.

Author: updated! https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/pull/7833/commits/d4e253adc24b03d69a806b65f95ce943eb55d90e

Yeah, your suggested section is better, so I moved it.

Reviewer 4: I think "the value is rounded to `1` because `step` defaults to `1`" would be a tick clearer, but thanks a lot for the PR!

Author: THank you. updated! https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/pull/7833/commits/6ee6c84ea3168bb47325e6611ae6db3a82ebfe9d
